feat: cloud surface rendered (#33549)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/wicked-socks-hide.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": minor
"@rocket.chat/core-typings": minor
"@rocket.chat/rest-typings": minor
---

> Add new callout in the subscription page to inform users of subscription upgrade eligibility when applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new callout in the subscription page to inform users of subscription upgrade eligibility when applicable.
```

> feat: Added new callout in the subscription page to inform users of subscription upgrade eligibility when applicable.

Reviewer: Changeset is not adhering to the guidelines.
